{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.16299}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs22\lang9\par
Reference link\par
{\b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://community.qlik.com/t5/New-to-QlikView/Need-answers-of-multiple-choice-questions/td-p/1002923 }}{\fldrslt{https://community.qlik.com/t5/New-to-QlikView/Need-answers-of-multiple-choice-questions/td-p/1002923\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\par
1) When you design a sheet, which option can reduce the amount of space needed by allowing the same chart to be displayed by different dimensions?\par
\par
\b -----Cyclic group\par
\b0 Lookup Dimension\par
Layer Expression\par
Multi Box\par
2) Which type of Qlikview object cannot be configured with any trigger actions?\par
\par
Gauge\par
Text Object\par
Sheet\par
\b -----List Box\par
\b0 3) Which visualization method is being used in this series of numbers to highlight those of interest? (Refer image 1)\par
\par
Cherry Picking\par
Exaggeration\par
\b -----Preattentive Perception\par
\b0 Visual Grouping\par
4) Which is the correct order of the visualization design process?\par
\par
Platforms, Information Design, Visual Design, Testing, Users & Context\par
Platforms, Visual Design, Information Design, User & Context, Testing\par
User & Context, Information Design, Platforms, Visual Design, Testing\par
\b ------User & Context, Platforms, Information Design, Visual Design, Testing\par
\b0 5) Which is NOT a good method for gathering user information?\par
\par
Questionnaires\par
Interviews\par
Field Studies\par
------\b Preconceptions\b0\par
6) Compare the two charts shown. What is the main visualization advantage of displaying the line to join the data points? (Refer image 2)\par
\par
None, they both show same information\par
\b ----the line stop human enclosure hiding the outlier\par
\b0 The line display the correct sequence of the data point\par
the line exaggerates the chart trend\par
7) Which data category is not represented by the attributes in this example?\par
\par
Nominal Data\par
\b -----Ordinal Data\par
\b0 Interval Data\par
Ratio Data\par
8) Why would you be careful when encoding nominal data using red and green?\par
\par
They should only be used with traffic light chart types\par
They make a charts look ugly due to the contrast in color\par
\b ----Because approximately 10% of the male population are red-green colorblind\par
\b0 Color choice makes no difference so long as the representation looks good\par
9)DAR is a Qlikview design concept. which is the correct list of words which make up this acronym?\par
\par
\b ----Dashboards,Analysis,Reports\par
\b0 Data,Accumulation,Results\par
Design,Architecture,Reports\par
Direct Access Reporting\par
Don't know\par
10)Which is the best chart type to represent ranked data, such as Sales by Region?\par
\par
\b ----Horizontal Bar Chart\par
\b0 Pie chart\par
Combo chart\par
Pivot table\par
Don't know\par
11)Which display method is being used by this report?\par
\par
Color mix\par
Dynamic Colors\par
\b ----Silent Legend\par
\b0 Color emphasis\par
Don't know\par
12)In your QlikView application,How would you create a button that toggles a help layer on or off?\par
\par
Use a chart Extension Object\par
\b -----Set a variable with the button and use conditional show on the help objects\par
\b0 Use the Button to control the layer properties of the help objects\par
Link the button to the pop up property of the help objects\par
Don't know\par
\b Reference link\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://intellipaat.com/interview-question/qlikview-interview-questions/ }}{\fldrslt{https://intellipaat.com/interview-question/qlikview-interview-questions/\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\par
2. What kind of chart we use in Qlikview Admin?\par
We generally uses bar chart, line chart, combo chart, scatter chart, grid chart, etc.\par
\par
\par
3. Explain Set analysis in qlikview?\par
It is used for set of groups. Mostly used in aggregated function like sum (year), etc.\par
\par
4. Define Trellis chart?\par
In Trellis chart we can create array of chart based on first dimension. Bitmap chart are also made of trellis display.\par
\par
7. Which graph we will use for two years difference sale?\par
BAR Graph we will use.\par
9. How many dimensions we can use in Bar chart?\par
We can use only two dimension\par
10. Which Qlikview object has only expression and no dimension?\par
Gauge chart and list box have only expression and no dimension.\par
\par
11. How we can use \b Macros\b0  in our application?\par
We can use macros for various purposes like for \b reloading the application and to create object\par
\b0 12. What do you understand by layers in Qlikview?\par
The layer are basically set on the sheet object properties layout where bottom, top, normal respective to the number -1,0 and 1.\par
14. Explain about Normalized Data?\par
Well Structured Form of Data, which doesnt have any repetition or redundancy of data. It\rquote s a kind of Relational data. It\rquote s mainly used in OLTP kind of stuffs Denormalized Data \f1\endash  It\rquote s a whole bunch of data without any relationship among themselves, with redundancy of data. It\rquote s mainly used in OLAP kind of stuffs.\par
\par
15. What Is Star Schema?\par
The simplest form of dimensional model, in which data is prearranged into facts and dimensions is known as Star schema.\par
\par
16. What is Snowflake Schema?\par
A snowflake schema is a difference of the star schema. Snowflake is used to improve the presentation of particular queries.\par
18. Explain internal match function()?\par
Internal match function is used to generate data bucket of different sizes.\par
19. What is Container?\par
A container object is used to keep multiple charts. We can use a container object to keep many charts in the same box.\par
\par
20. What do you understand by extended interval match function()?\par
Extended interval match function() is used for slowly changing the dimensions.\par
\par
26. What are modifiers?\par
Modifiesr deals with the Fields name.\par
For example: sum(\{$<Region=>\}Sales)\par
Returns the sales for current selection, but with the selection in \ldblquote Region\rdblquote  is removed.\par
27. Explain Identifiers Syntax?\par
 0- Represents the empty set\par
 1- Represents the full sets of records\par
 $-Represents the record of current selection\par
$1-Represents the previous selection\par
$_1-Represents the next selection\par
 Bookmark01-Represents the Bookmark name\par
29. How does Qlikview \cf2\b stores the data internally\cf0\b0 ?\par
Qlikview stores the data in QVD as QVD has data compression capability. Qlikview has better performance than other BI because of its memory analytics approach.\par
\par
30. Explain the restrictions of Binary load for a QlikView Developer?\par
Binary Load can be used for only one application means we can only read the data from one QVW application and moreover set scripts is also a restriction.\par
\par
32. What is the use of Optimized Load?\par
Optimized load is much faster and preferable especially for large set of data. It is possible if n o transformation are made at the time of load and no filtering is done.\par
\par
35. What is incremental load in Qlikview Architect?\par
Incremental load is nothing but loading new or changed records from the database. With the help of QVD files we can use incremental Load.\par
36. Differentiate between set and let option in Qlikview?\par
Set: it assigns the variable without assesses the expression.\par
Let: it assigns the variable with assesses the expression.\par
37. Define Qlikview Resident Load.\par
Resident load is a part of loading data in Qlikview application. It is used for loading data in tables which is already loaded in Qlikview application.\par
38. How we can optimize QV application?\par
It can be optimized by creating the data into qvds. When complete qvw application is changed into qvd than this qvd will be store in the RAM.\par
\par
39. What is mapping load?\par
Mapping load is used to create the mapping table that can be used for replacing field value and field names.\par
\par
40. Define apply map.\par
apply map is used to add fields to the tables with the help of other tables. It can be used as joins.\par
\par
41. What is concatenation?\par
It means sequence of interconnected things i.e. any column or row which is related to each other can be connected through concatenation.\par
\par
42. Define NoConcatenation.\par
NoConcatenation prefix is used to force the identical tables as two separate internal tables.\par
\par
43. Define connect statement.\par
It is used to establish a connection to database with the help of ODBC or OLEDB interface.\par
\par
44. What do you understand by Fact constellation Schema?\par
It is a logical database structure of data Warehouse . It is designed with the help of De Normalized Fact..\par
\par
45. What do you mean by RDBMS?\par
It stands for relational Database management System. It arranges the data into respective column and rows.\par
48. What do you understand by snapshot view of the table?\par
By this option we can see number o tables and related associations.\par
\par
49. How we can bring data into qv?\par
We use ODBC, OLEDB, SAP connectors kind of data connections.\par
\par
50. How we can handle Early Arriving Facts.\par
We can load data from ODBC, OLEDB, SAP connectors , by select statements and we can also load files like excel, word, etc. by using Table Syntax.\par
\par
51. What type of data we generally use?\par
We use flat files, excels, QVDs, etc ad data.\par
\par
\b\par
\f0\lang1033 Reference Link\f1\lang9\par
{\b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.analytics8.com/insights/answers-to-your-qlik-sense-3-2-questions/#when }}{\fldrslt{https://www.analytics8.com/insights/answers-to-your-qlik-sense-3-2-questions/#when\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f1\fs22\par
\f0\lang1033 q)\f1\lang9 Are there mapping functionalities in Qlik Sense?\par
\b Yes. \b0 There are multiple options from a built-in simple map to Qlik Geoanalytics and QlikMaps.\par
\par
\f0\lang1033 q)\f1\lang9 Can you create triggers similar to what is in QlikView?\par
Extension objects allow for custom functionality, including trigger behaviors, but there are no built-in options.\par
\par
Can you use a calculation for conditional formatting?\par
Yes.\par
\par
Is it possible to get rid of the slicers in the pivot (as seen in your demo) in order to save some real estate?\par
Yes, we could have deleted the filters and optimized the layout.\par
\par
Does Qlik Sense support NPrinting on demand service?\par
Yes.\par
\par
Can you have a dynamic chart title in Qlik Sense?\par
Yes, you can enter expressions/variables as titles to get a dynamic chart title.\par
\par
Can you color the chart title bar?\par
No, this option is not available.\par
\par
Is it possible to enable/conditional show/hide chart objects and other itmes?\par
No, this option is not currently available.\par
\par
Can we set the number format in the measure?\par
Yes, measure number format can be modified using the dropdown format property or with a function in script.\par
\par
How do you set the selections for the quarter?\par
The webinar video shows how to do this. I used different parameters in the calendar measure wizard to generate QTD vs YTD measures. You could also refer to the YouTube video provided by Qlik.\par
\par
Does the Qlik converter also copy the script?\par
Yes, the converter does copy script from QlikView to Qlik Sense.\par
\par
Does Qlik converter move VBScript in QlikView files to Qlik Sense?\par
Qlik Sense does not support the same VB functions that QlikView does. It is likely necessary to rebuild existing QlikView VB items in Qlik Sense mashups/extensions.\par
\par
How do the hierarchical dimensions work in Qlik Sense?\par
When adding more than one dimension, you can see multiple levels of detail.\par
\par
Does the Qlik converter bring over the load script?\par
Yes, the converter brings over the load script and libraries. Variables are also converted, but it would be prudent to verify accurate recreation in the converted load script!\par
\par
\par
Q. Difference between keep and joins ?\par
Left Keep and Left join gives the same output. The only difference is that Left Keep keeps the Table separate in Data Model, whereas Left join merges the Tables that are joined.\par
Q. What is Inline memory in QlikView ?\par
Create table or add field to table .\par
Q. What is binary load ?\par
Binary load is loading data from another QV file.  For example, you have application A.qvw.  You can create another application B.qvw with script binary A.qvw. binary file  where:\par
file ::= [ path ] filename\par
Examples:\par
Binary customer.qvw;\par
Binary c:qvcustomer.qvw;\par
The path is the path to the file, either absolute, or relative to the .qvw file containing this script line.\par
\par
\par
Question 9. What Are Synthetic Keys Beneath Logical Tables?\par
Answer :\par
When or extra fields in a facts table are in commonplace this permits the composite key dating. Qlik sense makes it by way of offering synthetic keys routinely. The keys are nameless keys that represent all occurring composite key of the aggregate. however, multiple synthetic keys are regularly related to incorrect facts version but now not always.\par
\par
\par
Question 10. What Is The Datatypesqlik Sense?\par
Answer :\par
Qlik experience has strings, dates, numbers, times and currencies most effective. They can be executed in exclusive methods for calculation functions. this indicates the above parameters which includes date, time can be delivered or subtracted from every other\par
\par
 Question.5    Difference between Straight table and pivot table ?\par
Answer:  \b Pivot Table \b0\endash\par
1) A pivot table is better at grouping: you can easily see which group a specific row belongs to, and a group can have a subtotal.\par
2) You can also display a pivot table like a cross table (one or several horizontal dimensions).\par
3) But when you sort a pivot table, you have to sort it first according to the first dimension, then according to the next, etc.\par
    You cannot sort it any way you want.\par
   \b Straight Table-\b0\par
A straight table is better at sorting than a pivot table: you can sort it according to any column.\par
But it is not so good at grouping. Subtotals are not possible, for instance.\par
\par
\par
\par
\f0\lang1033 1\f1\lang9 .What does ampersand (&) symbol in a List Box denote?\par
\par
Possible Values\par
\b Logical And-Mode\b0\par
Forced Exclusion\par
Multiple Values Selected\par
\par
2.What does the value 100 represent in Green(100) function?\par
\par
Hex Code\par
\b Opacity\b0\par
RGB Code\par
Darkest Shade of Green\par
\par
3.Which logic is implemented to handle NULLS in QlikView?\par
\par
Boolean Logic\par
Three-value Logic\par
\b NULL()\b0\par
Four-valued Logic\par
\par
4.Which of the following is NOT a QlikView Function?\par
\par
StateName()\par
Bottom(),GetNotSelectedCount()\par
Client Platform()\par
\b All of the above are QlikView Functions\par
\b0\par
5.What is the encryption algorithm of the Hidden Script Password?\par
\par
RSA 128 Bit\par
Base64 Scrambling\par
AES 256 bits\par
\b Not Encrypted\par
\b0\par
6.How can you create one variable which holds both string and the number?\par
\par
Using # as variable prefix ex: $(#vMyVariable)\par
Using SET script statement\par
All Variables in QlikView are Dual Values (Strings & Numbers)\par
\b Variable can hold only strings or numbers but not both\b0\par
\par
7.Which of the following Server Edition doesn't support QlikView Annotations?\par
\par
QlikView Server Small Business Edition (SBE)\par
QlikView Extranet Server (QES)\par
QlikView Information Access Server (IAS)\par
\b None of the above because all the Editions support Annotations\b0\par
\par
8.Which of the following statement is False about "Document Timeout" Server Setting in QVS?\par
\par
QVS closes the document and reclaims the resources (RAM) after Timeout\par
\b QVS deletes the cache of the document after Timeout\b0\par
QVS doesn't delete the cache of the document after Timeout\par
QVS allows you to specify number of minutes to keep the document in RAM\par
\par
9.Which of the following is NOT a valid Qualifier which precedes the "Load" Statement?\par
\par
Semantic Load\par
Generic Load\par
Mapping Load\par
\b Partial Load\b0\par
\par
10.How can you assign a "Field Event Trigger" for a Hidden Field which uses the HidePrefix to hide the Field?\par
\par
Duplicate the Field in the Script as regular field and use this Field in Trigger\par
Not possible to assign a Field Event Trigger for the Hidden Fields\par
Use a Variable to link the Field Selection and use the Variable Event Triggers\par
\b Select Show System Field and then assign the Field Event Trigger\b0\par
\par
11.What does $_1 represent in the Set Expression?\par
\par
\b Set Identifier\b0\par
Set Modifier\par
Set Operator\par
Set Dollar Expansion\par
\par
12.When modifying the script.js file of an extension object, how can you see the changes made in the QlikView Client?\par
\par
Reload the QlikView Script\par
Re-add the Extension object\par
\b Refresh the Webpage\par
\b0 ALL of the above\par
\par
13.Which of the following command line syntax is used for partial reload and to close the document after saving?\par
\par
/lp\par
\b /rp\b0\par
/p\par
/pl\par
\par
14.Which of the following are TRUE about anonymous authentication while connecting to QlikView Server?\par
\par
Uses a specific NT user name known on the QlikView Server's domain. The user name must be typed in the User ID edit box.\par
Anonymous authentication works if the computer is connected to the same Windows NT domain as the QlikView Server\par
\b Anonymous login is only possible to connect if the QlikView Server is set to allow anonymous users\par
\b0 All of the above\par
\par
15.Which of the following in Set Analysis is equivalent to a WHERE clause in SQL?\par
\par
Set Identifier\par
Set Operator\par
\b Set Modifier\b0\par
P() & E()\par
\par
\par
\b How can inline charts be added to straight tables and pivot tables?\par
\f0\lang1033 a)From the "Respresentation" drop down in the "Display Options" section of the Expressions tab.\par
\b0\par
\par
\f1\lang9\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 